stm32h747i_disco add ethernet support (#29676)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/stm32h747i_disco/doc/index.rst

+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| GPIO      | on-chip    | gpio                                |
+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+

> | ETHERNET  | on-chip    | ethernet                            |
> +-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+
> | RNG       | on-chip    | True Random number generator        |
> +-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+
> 

Reviewer: So yes, this board won't have ETH working until the user changes the SB8 and SB21 configuration. That's not ideal...
We have to maybe add the warning to the doc with an (*) ?

```suggestion
| ETHERNET  | on-chip    | ethernet  (*)                       |
+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| RNG       | on-chip    | True Random number generator        |
+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+

(*) From UM2411 Rev 4:
   With the default setting, the Ethernet feature is not working because of
   a conflict between ETH_MDC and SAI4_D1 of the MEMs digital microphone.
   Make sure you have SB8 closed and SB28 open to get Ethernet working.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you. I am absolutely agree - this belongs to be mentioned in documentation.

+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| GPIO      | on-chip    | gpio                                |
+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+
| ETHERNET  | on-chip    | ethernet  (*)                       |
+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+

> | RNG       | on-chip    | True Random number generator        |

Reviewer 3: Each peripheral enablement should have its own commit.

Reviewer 2: Splitted as suggested.

+-----------+------------+-------------------------------------+

(*) From UM2411 Rev 4:
   With the default setting, the Ethernet feature is not working because of
   a conflict between ETH_MDC and SAI4_D1 of the MEMs digital microphone.

>    Make sure you have SB8 closed and SB21 open to get Ethernet working.

Reviewer 4: As I remember, modifying SB78 and SB21 is necessary, but not sufficient:
* SB21, SB45 and R87 should be opened
* SB22, SB44, SB17 and SB8 should be closed

see: https://os.mbed.com/teams/ST/wiki/DISCO_H747I-modifications-for-Ethernet
Could be interesting to point to this link as there are picture to help finding the required changes.

Reviewer 3: Would be nice if Zephyr docs can provide its own set of pictures.

Reviewer 4: Please note that Pictures are mine :smiley: 
And so, those pictures can be reused for zephyr docs.

Reviewer 3: @ABOSTM Great, copyright clearance then :smile:

Reviewer 2: If @ABOSTM agrees, would be it okay, to put [this URL](https://os.mbed.com/teams/ST/wiki/DISCO_H747I-modifications-for-Ethernet) with very short description to appropriate index.rst file?

Reviewer 3: I vote for making these images part of Zephyr docs.

Reviewer 5: I agree that pictures would be required (and available directly rather than a link)

Reviewer 2: Images and corresponding description were added.

output is assigned to UART1 which connected to the onboard ST-LINK/V3.0. Virtual
COM port interface. Default communication settings are 115200 8N1.

Ethernet
========

**Diclaimer:** This section is mostly copy-paste of corresponding
`DISCO_H747I modifications for Ethernet`_ mbed blog post. The author of this

> article sincerely allowed to use the images and he's knowledge about necessary

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
article sincerely allowed to use the images and his knowledge about necessary
```

Reviewer 2: Done

HW modifications to get Ethernet working with this board.

> To get Ethernet working following HW modifications may be necessary:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
To get Ethernet working following HW modifications are required:
```

Reviewer 2: Done

output is assigned to UART1 which connected to the onboard ST-LINK/V3.0. Virtual
COM port interface. Default communication settings are 115200 8N1.

Ethernet
========

> **Diclaimer:** This section is mostly copy-paste of corresponding

Reviewer 6: Disclaimer is misspelled

Reviewer 2: Thnx. It is fixed now.
